Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh,
what the hell just happened there um hmm that is a strange and bizarre thing that happened
right there that I don't understand at all hold on one just second please sorry I'm going
to open up a different one and I'm gonna say what it's like I lost us a font that's so
bizarre weird okay so let's see how do we fix that problem let's see here sorry about that
I'm just gonna take time to figure this out what happened it really did it just changed it to
something else okay so we'll just put it back to ultra then thank you very much you dorks um wow
that's weird I don't know what happened there I don't that is just so bizarre and I can't stand
it I can't like have a crappy font um this isn't the best font um I got to use my Gotham but I
don't know why isn't it oh no it's back you shit what is happening there that is so bizarre what in
the world oh thanks for tolerating this one man show thank you very much I mean you saw it right
the font was all screwed up what the hell happened I don't gremlins is what it is it's it is really
bizarre but that it just came back um anyway welcome to the show good to see you guys thanks for
joining me
is a fizzy in 611 good to you know I just picked verses that the deep state bad guys tell me to
put on um you know all the controllers that I have all these people that are behind the scenes
influencing me like my wife and my three kids my big dog and this guy named mark who lives in
Boston I mean it's just kind of a joke to me but thank you very much I'm not making fun of a fizzy
in 611 at all I'm just was making a big joke loving Daniel
I think truth is good for kids we're so busy lying we don't even recognize the truth no more in
society we want everybody to feel good that's not that's not the way life is
but you can tell if someone's lying you know you can sort of feel it in people
and I have lied I'm sure I'll lie again I don't want to lie you know I don't think I'm a liar
I try not to be a liar I don't want to be a liar I think it's like really important not to be a liar
it's almost hard to put a laugh track behind that anymore because what he said is just so
brutally in your face um Tucker Carlson is gonna be featured in today's show again just so you know
mark mark mark you're so funny as a surgeon you should be speaking out on this you could
save lives if you did what the fuck I didn't know anything about this how am I meant to know about
this you know what I don't know about everything like um you shouldn't you shouldn't think that
just because you're on to something that someone else you'd be doing it to buddy we've all got
our own jobs to do I don't tell you what to do what the fuck anyway I mean the reason why I try
to get through to you get your number call you and you're busy last time and I'm not busy is
look I went back through the podcast and I'm afraid I think it wasn't good enough mate
um I don't know how to explain this to you but you know it was about it was just over an
hour but the thing is what was relevant was like literally just 15 minutes and it was just dragged
out and there was not enough substance not enough facts not enough details um I would also say
try and work on your presentation you you drag things out and speak very slowly and
it's just you need to be a bit more punchy bit more punchy bit more animated bit more lively
I mean I don't know if you're just a bit flat that day or what I don't know but you just I think
you're I don't know your style you can have you just could inject yourself with a little bit more
energy a little bit more animation so what I was going to do actually was create some clips
of the podcast and do a sub stack and obviously credit you and reference you and talk about the
opioid deaths and all that kind of stuff so that was the plan I'm sorry mate I've just
got a lot of fucking podcasts got a lot of recordings and I'm trying to keep the quality of the
content quite high and my faith on this occasion it just it just wasn't good enough
this voice is Doc Malek from the UK just being honest with you um it just the quality wasn't
up to scratch all right mate bye um this phone call took place about six or seven weeks after
Doc Malek interviewed Mark um under some constraints because apparently had a funeral that day and he
only had an hour to record it and so it was kind of rushed and he didn't really want to do it and
he wasn't that into it but they recorded it anyway and he was so busy because he's done so many
podcasts that he knew that it wasn't going to come out for six to eight weeks anyway and he told
that to Mark after the recording and six to eight weeks later Mark just pinged him and said hey
you know Malek you might be able to save some people if you would talk about the fact that
maybe giving supplemental oxygen to people who were on pulse ox might not have been the best idea in
the beginning of the pandemic maybe they're still doing it now you could call attention to this
and save lives and that was the response was laughter and incredibility incredibility
incredibility i don't i don't while i'm just butchering that word um like he didn't believe
mark like he was uh found it ridiculous that mark wanted him to talk about something that he was
talking about and instead of addressing whatever it was that mark mentioned he just said it was
ridiculous for mark to think that anyone should pay attention to everything or whatever mark wants
him to i mean he made it about something that it wasn't if he was really a doctor then what he
could have said was mark i think you've got a really good point with supplemental oxygen you
should keep following up on it but don't harass me i just found out about it from you right now but
instead three or four f words later we haven't said anything about the idea and once you realize that
all of these people whether they're on signal talking about jj kui or whether they're in a
bitcoin chat group talking about jj kui all of these people aren't talking about the fundamental
messages of giga ohm biological when they say that i'm crazy they're not talking about the
fundamental messages of giga ohm biological that have been ignored by all the people that i'm attacking
and i'm not really attacking them right we're just saying that the ideas that they're presenting
they're not following them to their logical conclusion and instead they're stopping well short
almost the exact same way that tony fauci and petered asak and richard ebright and and emily
cop and all these other people that are absolutely positively caught up into a scooby-doo
where they believe implausible biology is possible is the fundamental problem here
and none of these people who are calling me crazy or mark deep state or me working for bad guys
are ever going to acknowledge that since they heard the truth from me they haven't said it again
since doc malik put my first interview with him behind a paywall he hasn't repeated any of the
things that i've said to any of his guests that's why i think he's full of shit in the meantime he's
given a platform to sashilatapova and maryll nass and robert melon never having a critical
question for any of them but instead just letting them get on stage and actually tuning up and
harmonizing with them for the whole performance and the last interview that i had with him that's
not behind a paywall is almost 20% of him whining about his own situation that we've come to understand
is a little bit different apparently last year he was negotiating with the wellness company
for a $50,000 signing bonus is that how you think that i negotiated with robert f Kennedy jr when
he asked me to help him and consult on the wuhan cover up book do you think that that's how much
i asked for a $50,000 signing bonus and $10,000 a month with a three-year contract and a five
percent equity in the book and a 12-month salary with an early termination and maybe a board member
of CHDEU when it gets formed and this was a year ago this email is supposedly real here he is on
twitter saying nice hit piece bravo how did you get a copy of the email and why is it taken out of
context if this is taken out of context then uh i don't need to know the context the context is
very simple here is a doctor who didn't stand up for shit didn't have principles about shit
until 2022 and now he's negotiating as if he's joe rogan of eu for a salary that i'm sure he was
going to disclose to all of his followers i'm sure he was going to convert all of his support to
two free subscriptions once he got this job
like i did when i got hired by robert f Kennedy jr and then told everybody that you can stop your
subscriptions you can stop supporting me i've got a job i'm gonna be okay i told a lot of people to
pause you see the difference between somebody who really is just trying to raise a family and do
the right thing and doesn't really know what the right answer is all the time versus somebody
who is intimately part of a machine and a ladder that they know is available to climb
now i just took these two screenshots and popped them in five minutes ago because my computer had
to restart for a update and so that's why i'm late but this guy is going bananas offline in
several little signal chat groups that i actually used to be a part of
and coordinating his message against me with other people who used to
meddle with me before i cut them out of my life and it is a coordinated symphony of people that i
already had on my bulletin board two years ago as people that were meddlers before they actually
revealed themselves many of them i've pointed out to you already in the years past
now believe it or not they are on a signal chat bitcoin group that i used to be a part of more
than a year ago that ryan cole is a part of that all these you know interesting people some people
with connections to crossfit and bsi and and they're all there pretending that the main message
of this stream isn't intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of
augmenting the immune system is dumb trying to pretend that the main message of this this
stream isn't r&a can't pandemic and trying to pretend that the reason why i'm angry is not
because everybody ignores those messages but because i'm trying to get ahead or because i'm
trying to self emulate for the deep state it is hilarious to me that people with bitcoin and
billion-dollar trading experience are pretending that they tried to help me in the last three years
it is hilarious to me that people who have intimate connections to bitcoin and the
international original international covid summit wherever it occurred is it was it Costa Rica or
florida or some bullshit like that that have connections to wall street trading that have
connections to day trading scams that are all pretending that somehow when i contacted Jonathan
kui i totally meant to help him i tried to help him start a business blah blah blah blah blah
while i was losing my career in my house and paying for my bills with a credit card these
people were helping me start a business one of the businesses that somebody was trying to help me
start was trying to sell gold and trading cards and magic cards being held like like fine art in in
airport lockers i shit you not the idea was to have baseball expensive baseball cards
stored in in airport lockers and then we would sell you know bitcoin or or or or shares in those
things in terms of bitcoin and then people would have ways of using their bitcoin to invest in
shit that was one of the ways that this guy was going to help me
and now that guy from years ago is now in a bitcoin group that he himself started and is still
coordinating talking coordinatedly with this poser pretending that i'm self-immulating and
i'm not sending my main message anymore and instead i'm attacking all these people
because that's what the deep state wants me to do
it's hard for me to believe that anybody in those chats believes these things but that's what's
going on right now ladies and gentlemen just in case you want to know what this means
tall trees catch much wind the wind's getting windier up here i can tell you that for sure
i believe he has a PhD in some sort of scientific discipline from what i understand
all right is the audio really off okay then i'm just going to restart it again i'm going to
see what happens okay um it might be because of this youtube thing let me just stop this
and then i'm going to stop this okay i'm going to stop streaming is going to start it all over
okay guys that's just what we're going to do and um if it if it doesn't work with the start
all over then that's too bad but i i want to get this stream right and i don't want to have to
re-record it um so here we go i'll be right